(2019/03/08)
<div class="t_projects">
<table border="1">
<tr><th colspan="4" style="background-color:#a9c6dd">EDK II 使用者文獻</th></tr>
<tr>
<th>文件下載</th>
<th>描述</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/UEFI-PackagingToolQuickStartGuideRev_1_2.pdf PDF]

    </td>

    <td>
UEFI 套件工具 (UEFIPT) 快速開始 1.2 <br>

這文件提供一個明確的步驟列表來遵循，其結果將在 Microsoft Windows* OS 和 Linux OS 環境下透過使用 UEFI 套件工具 (UEFIPT) 來創建一個 UEFI　發行套件。
* August 2015
    </td>
</tr>



<tr>
    <td> 
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/SigningUefiImages%20-v1dot31.pdf PDF ] 或
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/SigningUefiImages%20-v1dot31.zip Zip]

    </td>

    <td>
Signing UEFI Images.pdf V1.31 (簽章 UEFI 映像檔)<br>
版本 1.31。 這份文件描述了針對使用UDK2010.SR1發行版的 UEFI 安全性啟動的開發和測試而言如何簽章 UEFI 映像檔。 

*   提供 UEFI 安全性啟動 
*   簽章 UEFI 映像檔的詳細步驟
*   描述 UEFI 安全性啟動策略 
*   描述設定特定的 UEFI 安全性啟動策略所需要的步驟
*   描述當 UEFI 安全性啟動啟用時映像檔授權流程
*   如何使用 OVMF 和 NT32Pkg 當成 UEFI 安全性啟動參考平台
*   使用 OVMF 演示幾個 UEFI 安全性啟動場景
更新與說明關於 KEK 和 DB 使用的相關 UEFI 規範的一致性


也可看 [[SecurityPkg]] 獲取更多資訊在如何啟用安全，TPM，使用者識別 (UID)，安全性啟動和認證變數等。

注意 SVNs: 對 Nt32Pkg 需要 -r13186，對 OVMF 需要 -r13160 在 UDK2010.SR1 發行版以下版本

* Feb 2013
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://legacy.gitbook.com/book/edk2-docs/edk-ii-uefi-driver-writer-s-guide/details gitbook]
    </td>

    <td>
[[UEFI Driver Writer's Guide|UEFI 驅動程式編碼指南]]被設計來幫助使用 EDK II 源碼專案當成開發環境上的 UEFI 驅動程式開發。請參考[[Driver Developer|驅動程式開發者]]頁面獲得更多資訊。 
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/EDK_II_UserManual_0_7.pdf PDF]
    </td>

    <td>
EDKII User Manual V 0.7 (EDKII 使用者手冊)<br>
這份文件提供詳盡的指示針對下載，設定組態，建置一個 EDK II 專案和 運行 EDKII 模擬環境。

* March 2010
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/EDK_II%20Module%20Writer_s%20Guide_0_7.pdf PDF]
    </td>

    <td>
EDK II Module Writer's Guide v 0.7 (EDK II 模組編碼指南)<br>
這份文件是一個導引手冊給新的 EDK II 模組開發者且提供詳盡指示在如何開發和建置一個新的模組，和還有如何與套件一起釋出。

* March 2010
    </td>
</tr>


<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/PerformanceOptimization_1_0.pdf  PDF]

    </td>

    <td>
效能優化 (Performance Optimization) <br>
技術性文獻針對 EDK II 效能優化

* Feb 2010
    </td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/UEFI%20SCT%20Case%20Writers%20Guide_0_91.pdf PDF ]
    </td>

    <td>
UEFI 自我認證測試案例 (SCT Case) 編碼指南 .91 <br>
這份文件定義關於編碼在 UEFI 自我認證測試 (SCT) 之下的測試案例和介紹 UEFI SCT 源碼樹的導引手冊。這文件適合任何對 UEFI 自我認證測試 (SCT) 的開發或移植測試有興趣的人。
* July 2009
    </td>
</tr>

<!--
<tr>
    <td>
之前的 UDK 發行版
    </td>

    <td>
[[EdkII_dashboard| EDK II 儀錶板頁面]]
    </td>
</tr>
<tr></tr>
-->

</table>

= 原文 =
<div class="t_projects">
<table>
<tr><th colspan="4" style="background-color:#a9c6dd">EDK II User Documentation</th></tr>
<tr>
<th>Document Download</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/UEFI-PackagingToolQuickStartGuideRev_1_2.pdf PDF]

    </td>

    <td>
UEFI Packaging Tool (UEFIPT) Quick Start 1.2 <br>

This document provides a definitive list of steps to follow which will result in the creation of a UEFI Distribution Package using the UEFI Packaging Tool (UEFIPT) within a Microsoft Windows* OS and Linux OS environments.
* August 2015
    </td>
</tr>



<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/SigningUefiImages%20-v1dot31.pdf PDF ] or
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/SigningUefiImages%20-v1dot31.zip Zip]

    </td>

    <td>
Signing UEFI Images.pdf V1.31 <br>
Version 1.31. This document describes how to sign UEFI images for the development and test of UEFI Secure Boot using the UDK2010.SR1 release.

*	Provides an overview of UEFI Secure Boot 
*	Details the steps to sign an UEFI image 
*	Describes the UEFI Secure Boot policies 
*	Describes the steps required to set specific UEFI Secure Boot policies 
*	Describes the image authorization flow when UEFI Secure Boot is enabled
*	Decribes how to use OVMF and NT32Pkg as UEFI Secure Boot reference platforms
*	Demonstrates several UEFI Secure Boot scenarios using OVMF
Updates and clarifications related to UEFI Spec conformance regarding KEK and DB usages


See also [[SecurityPkg]] for more information on How to enable security, TPM, User identification (UID), secure boot and authenticated variable.

NOTE SVNs: For Nt32Pkg requires -r13186, For OVMF Requires -r13160 beyond UDK2010.SR1 release version

* Feb 2013
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://legacy.gitbook.com/book/edk2-docs/edk-ii-uefi-driver-writer-s-guide/details gitbook]
    </td>

    <td>
The [[UEFI Driver Writer's Guide]] is designed to aid in the development of UEFI Drivers using the EDK II open source project as a development environment. Please refer to the [[Driver Developer]] page for more information.
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/EDK_II_UserManual_0_7.pdf PDF]
    </td>

    <td>
EDKII User Manual V 0.7 <br>
This document provides detailed instructions for downloading, configuring, and building an EDK II project as well as running EDKII Emulation Environments.

* March 2010
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/EDK_II%20Module%20Writer_s%20Guide_0_7.pdf PDF]
    </td>

    <td>
EDK II Module Writer's Guide v 0.7<br>
The document is a guideline for new EDK II module developers, and provides detailed instructions on how to develop and build a new module, and
how to release with a package.

* March 2010
    </td>
</tr>


<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/PerformanceOptimization_1_0.pdf  PDF]

    </td>

    <td>
Performance Optimization <br>
Technical documentation for Performance Optimization for EDK II

* Feb 2010
    </td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>
[https://github.com/tianocore-docs/Docs/raw/master/User_Docs/UEFI%20SCT%20Case%20Writers%20Guide_0_91.pdf PDF ]
    </td>

    <td>
UEFI SCT Case Writers Guide .91 <br>
This document defines the guidelines for writing the test cases under UEFI Self-Certification Test (SCT) and introduces the UEFI SCT source tree. This document is intended for anyone interested in developing or porting tests for the UEFI SCT
* July 2009
    </td>
</tr>

<!--
<tr>
    <td>
Previous UDK Releases
    </td>

    <td>
[[EdkII_dashboard| EDK II Dashboard Page]]
    </td>
</tr>
<tr></tr>
-->

</table>