(2019/03/08)
==='''介B'''===
一 EDKII 建置工具的更新F在允S可以O定去搜ざ嘀芈疆L去解Q套件位置r。 @新的特徵允S更多性O一涞姆植蓟蚝悴煌源ar。新的功能可透^一新的h境档脑黾肀 (PACKAGES_PATH)。

@ PACKAGES_PATH 的凳且~外搜ぢ降挠行蚯问褂昧酥C作I系y的默J路椒指舴在每l目g。 列表的第一路接凶罡先嗪妥钺岬穆接凶畹先唷 在 WORKSPACE 档穆娇是比任何l目在 PACKAGE_PATH上的有最高搜先唷

要使用@特徵，PACKAGES_PATH h境当仨被O定先於\行 edksetup _本前。 @N做的理由是 edksetup _本Q定的配置位置和 BaseTools 目位置都是基於 WORKSPACE 和 PACKAGES_PATH h境刀淼摹

PACKAGES_PATH h境档氖褂檬强蛇x襁x，假如它]被定x，建置^去有像它(一庸δ)的函怠

==='''h境:'''===
*       WORKSPACE
**    Build 目的位置
**    是有最高的搜先
*       PACKAGES_PATH
**    ~外路降牧斜砣ニぬ准使用 OS 路椒指舴字元
**    路皆谝先序上被列表

==原文==
==='''Introduction:'''===
An update to the EDKII build tools now allows the setting of multiple paths that will be searched when attempting to resolve the location of packages.  This new feature allows for more flexibility when designing a tree layout or combining sources from different sources.  The new functionality is enabled through the addition of a new environment variable (PACKAGES_PATH). 

The PACKAGES_PATH variable is an ordered list of additional search paths using the default path separator of the host OS between each entry.  The first path in the list has the highest priority and the last path has the lowest priority.  The path specified by the WORKSPACE variable always has the highest search priority over any PACKAGE_PATH entries.

To use this feature, the PACKAGES_PATH environment variable must be set prior to running the edksetup script.  The reason for this is that the edksetup script determines the location of the Conf and BaseTools directory location based on the values of the WORKSPACE and PACKAGES_PATH environment variables.

The use of the PACKAGES_PATH environment variable is optional and if it is not defined the build will function like it has in the past.

==='''Environment Variables:'''===
*         WORKSPACE
**    Location of the Build directory
**    Always highest search priority
*        PACKAGES_PATH
**   List of additional paths to search for packages using OS path separator character
**   Paths are listed in priority order

'''Example:'''
  set WORKSPACE=c:\efi\test
  set PACKAGES_PATH=%WORKSPACE%\platform;%WORKSPACE%\edk2

In this case WORKSPACE is the container for two trees as well as the location of the Build directory.  The example assumes the set of code packages for a given platform are contained in the platform directory.  While the code packages from the open source repository are contained in the edk2 directory.

When the build tools are run with this configuration the directories will be scanned in the following order to find packages listed in the DSC and FDF files.
#       c:\efi\test
#       c:\efi\test\platform
#       c:\efi\test\edk2

'''Summary:'''
*         Use of PACKAGES_PATH is not required
*         PACKAGES_PATH must be set prior to running the edksetup script for correct tool configuration
