(2019/03/08)

[[UEFI OS Support | UEFI OS 支持]] | [[Linux Support for UEFI | Linux 對 UEFI 的支援]]

= Ubuntu Linux 對 UEFI 的支援 =

== 支援 UEFI 的 Ubuntu 版本 ==

Ubuntu Linux 支援 x64 [[UEFI]] 為 64位元的建置，起始於 10.10。 我們建議使用 Ubuntu 12.04 LTS 或 更高版本的 x64 UEFI。

沒有 IA32 UEFI 支援在 Ubuntu 是可行的，但 [[Debian Linux|UEFI Debian]] 在 Jessis 發行版開始被支援。

== UEFI 安全性開機的支援 ==

Ubuntu 12.04 LTS 或 更高版本支援 [[UEFI Secure Boot|Secure Boot]]，利用一個 [[UEFI CA|UEFI 認證]] 的 OS 墊片載入器 (OS shim loader)。 這代表一個被正確組態成 UEFI 安全性開機的系統能載入到 Ubuntu Linux，而不需要在韌體安裝選單中啟動傳統式 BIOS (legacy BIOS) 的支援或關閉安全性開機。

== 下載 ==

最新發行版: http://www.ubuntu.com/download

最新 live 每日映像檔 (生效於下一版發行版): http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-live/

== 參考資料 ==

https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UEFI

https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/Testing/UbuntuUEFI

http://askubuntu.com/questions/221835/installing-ubuntu-alongside-a-pre-installed-windows-with-uefi

=原文=

[[UEFI OS Support]] | [[Linux Support for UEFI]]

= Ubuntu Linux Support for UEFI =

== Ubuntu Versions Supporting UEFI ==

Ubuntu Linux supports x64 [[UEFI]] for 64-bit builds, starting with 10.10. We recommend using Ubuntu 12.04 LTS or higher with x64 UEFI.

No IA32 UEFI support is available in Ubuntu, but is supported in [[Debian Linux|UEFI Debian]] starting with the Jessie release.

== Support for UEFI Secure Boot ==

Ubuntu 12.04 LTS or higher supports [[UEFI Secure Boot|Secure Boot]], with an OS shim loader signed by the [[UEFI CA]]. This means that a system properly configured for UEFI Secure Boot can load Ubuntu Linux without enabling legacy BIOS support, or disabling Secure Boot in the firmware setup menus.

== Downloads ==

Latest release: http://www.ubuntu.com/download

Latest live daily images (working towards next release): http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-live/

== Reference Info ==

https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UEFI

https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/Testing/UbuntuUEFI

http://askubuntu.com/questions/221835/installing-ubuntu-alongside-a-pre-installed-windows-with-uefi
